Critical!! Before start using this UI program, please read following information:

        1.      Edit the database information located in: 
                        class MySQL_function() --> def connect_to_database(self)
        
        2.      Run the program and check the "Admin mode" checkbox, then Login with following id 
                and password:
                        ID:         "ADMIN"
                        PASSWORD:   "Point1" 
                
        3.      While adding a new users, the default password will be set as "Point1", which the user can 
                edited it after logging in.
        
        4.      In the editing window/tabs, the checkboxes infront of are for mistake-proofing purpose, the 
                change will be applied only when the checkbox of the row is checked, including deletion 
                and edit.

        5.      In Advance UI, the table display 20 row of data per pages.

        6.      All the format relating information can be founded in Readme.md

UI_MySQL.py file contains three loggers, four Ui classes and eight function classes:

1. Loggers:

        1.      All loggers will be logging information in the format of: 
                        "yyyy-mm-dd time - log type log message"
   
        2.      Admin loggers and Plate info loggers will log all the edit action into log files: 
                "Plate_Info.log" and "Admin_editor.log", which will be located at the same directory as 
                the UI_MySQL.py.
   
        3.      Error logger will log the error message whenever encountered an unexpected exception, if 
                encountered any issue, please track back to the very first error function that log the 
                error message.

2. UI classes:

        1.      All the UI classes are generated by Qt Designer, including in-class function: setUpUI() and 
                retranslateUi(). 
               
                Asside from the generated function, there's a modding() function added for modding specific 
                behavier, if there's any need to mod any Ui classes, please mod it in modding() function, and 
                make sure to call the modding() in the end of setUpUI(). 
               
                Similarly, when regernating the Ui function, please copy and overwrite classes setUpUI() and 
                retranslateUi(), then call the modding() in the end of setUpUI().
            
                Sample code:
        
                    class Ui_sample(object):
                            # generated code
                            def setupUi(self, sample):
                                    ...
                                    self.modding()  # always add this line in to imply the mod
                                
                            # generated code
                            def retranslateUi(self, sample):
                                    ...
                                
                            # function for all the modding, e.g. connecting button to function.
                            def modding(self):
                                    ...
        

        2.      There're four Ui classes for Login (Ui_Login()), Register (Ui_Register()), normal user Info 
                Editor (Ui_Info_Editor()), and Admin user info editor interface. 

3. Function classes:

                Each UI class has its own function class to handle all the action, and the only exception is 
                UI_Concentrate_Advance since it has three tabs, therefore there's three individual funcitons 
                for each of them.

                There're two extra function classes, MySQL_function and helper_function that handles some 
                general action, and MySQL relating action.

    I.  UI_Login_function class:
   
        a.      check_ID_password_function(self, userid, password):

                This function is connected with the login button in login_Ui, which will take the context 
                that user types in textbox "UserID_Input" as userid and "password_Input" as password, then 
                check the availability of them.

                No matter whether user's success or failed the login action, the record will be added into 
                database's Login_record table.

                However, if the login action failed, the error message will be displayed.
                
                P.S. both parameters userid and password are string.
        

        b.      open_Concentrate_Advance_window(self),  open_Info_Editor_window(self):

                These two functions are used for displaying the windows when user input the correct userid 
                and password.
                
                Only one of these windows will be displayed, which depends on whether user has checked the 
                admin mode checkbox. 


        c.      display_normal_welcome_message():
                
                This function will only be called when user logins in normal mode, it will capture the userid
                and display a popup windows that ask whether user want to display the personal information 
                editing window.


    II. UI_Info_Editor_function class:
   
        a.      Global variable:
                
                        initial_data:
                                List variable to store data that just captured from database.
                 
                        edited_data:
                                List variable to store edited data that was captured from table.  


        b.      show_user_info_into_table(self):
                
                This function will capture user's information from database, and insert checkbox and user 
                information into table, then makes columns userid, permission, and plate number read only.
                Meanwhile, the raw data that was just captured from database will be stored into the global 
                list "self.initial_data".
        

        c.      get_data_from_table(self):
                
                This function will get all the data of rows that checkboxes were checked from the table, and 
                store it into the global list "self.edited_data." Finally, update the data into the database.


        d.      data_comparison(self):
                
                This function will compare two global list "self.initial_data" and "self.edited_data", then 
                log the edit message into the log file "Admin_editor.log" for recording purpose. 


    III.UI_Search_Edit_function class:

        a.      Global variable:
                
                        initial_data:
                                List to store data that just captured from database.
                
                        edited_data:
                                List to store edited data that was captured from table.  
                
                        user_info_pages_maximum:
                                Integer that represent the maximum pages that can be displayed in table, to
                                prevent user access the pages that doesn't contains data.
                
                        current_search_type:
                                String that represent current searching type, including "all", "id", etc. 
                                Initially set to "all"
                        check_button_array_search_edit:
                                List to store the index of row that mistake_proofing checkbox is checked. 


        b.      show_user(self, pages):
                
                This function will display user information into table by current_search_type, and the 
                Integer parameter "page" (which stand for page number), then lock the column that shouldn't 
                be able to edit (Userid, Plate number). 


        c.      insert_data_into_table_Search_Edit(self, data):
                
                This function will insert the user information from parameter "data" row by row, and store 
                the data into global list "initial_data".
                
                P.S. Parameter "data" is a two-dimention list from database. 
        

        d.      insert_checkbox_serach_edit(self, data):
                
                This function will insert the mistake-proofing checkbox into the first column of table. 

                P.S. Parameter "data" is a two-dimention list from database.
        

        e.      get_data_from_table(self):
                
                This function will get all the data of rows that mistake-proofing checkboxes were checked 
                from the table, and store it into the global list "self.edited_data." Finally, update the 
                data into the database.


        f.      open_Register_window(self):
                
                This functions are used for opening the register windows when user press the "add a 
                user" button.


        g.      show_delete_confirm(self):
                
                This function will display a popup windows with confirm message, Pressing OK button will 
                call the delete_user() function below, while pressing Cancel will cancel the action.  


        h.      delete_user(self):
                
                This function will only be called when user confirm the deletion in delete_confirm window, 
                then will delete users from database (only when the mistake-proofing at its row are checked).


        i.      data_comparison(self):
                
                This function will compare two global list "self.initial_data" and "self.edited_data", then 
                log the edit message into the log file "Admin_editor.log" for recording purpose. 


        j.      set_user_info_pages_maximum(self, value):
                
                This function is a setter for global variable "user_info_pages_maximum", it will set the
                current user_info_pages_maximum into the maximum pages number by getting the number of data
                from database, and divide it by 20(the row amount per pages).

                P.S. Parameter "value" is a string, stand for the current searching value. For instance, while
                current_search_type is "id", then the value will simply be "" since there's no other factor
                needed to search by id. This also applies to search by name.
                
                However,  while current_search_type is "gender", then the value will be "MALE", "FEMALE", or 
                "OTHERS", as a second factor to search data. This also applies to search by permission


        k.      set_current_search_type(self, type):
                
                This function is a setter for global variable "current_search_type."

                P.S. Parameter "type" is a string, which should only be "all", "name", "id", "permission", 
                and "gender".


    IV. UI_Register_function class:

        a.      press_register(self, userid, password, real_name):
                
                This function will check if inputs in register window is valid. If so, then the user with 
                inputted information will be added into the database.
                
                userid, password, and real_name are given by parameter, while gender and permission are 
                captured by checking whether the button is checked.

                P.S. All parameters are string.


    V.  UI_Login_History_function class:

        a.      Global variable:
                
                        login_history_pages_maximum:
                                Integer that represent the maximum pages that can be displayed in table, to
                                prevent user access the pages that doesn't contains data.
                
                        current_search_type:
                                String that represent current searching type, including "all", "id", etc. 
                                Initially set to "all"
        
        
        b.      show_login_history(self, pages):
                
                This function will display login history into table by current_search_type, and the 
                Integer parameter "page" (which stand for page number).


        c.      insert_data_into_table(self, data):
                
                This function will insert the user information from parameter "data" row by row.
                
                P.S. Parameter "data" is a two-dimention list from database.         


        d.      set_login_history_pages_maximum(self, value):
                
                This function is a setter for global variable "login_history_pages_maximum", it will set the
                current login_history_pages_maximum into the maximum pages number by getting the number of 
                data from database, and divide it by 20(the row amount per pages).

                P.S. Parameter "value" is a string, stand for the current searching value. For instance, while
                current_search_type is "id", then the value will simply be "" since there's no other factor
                needed to search by id.
                
                However,  while current_search_type is "status", then the value will be "SUCCESS", or "FAIL", 
                as a second factor to search data. This also applies to search by "specific_type_fail" and 
                "specific_type_success".


        e.      set_current_search_type(self, type):
                
                This function is a setter for global variable "current_search_type."

                P.S. Parameter "type" is a string, which should only be "all", "id", "status", 
                "specific_type_fail", and "specific_type_success".


    V.  UI_Plate_info_function class:

        a.      Global variable:
                
                        login_history_pages_maximum:
                                Integer that represent the maximum pages that can be displayed in table, to
                                prevent user access the pages that doesn't contains data.
                
                        current_search_type:
                                String that represent current searching type, including "all", "user_id", etc. 
                                Initially set to "all"


        b.      show_plate_info(self, pages):
                
                This function will display login history into table by current_search_type, and the 
                Integer parameter "page" (which stand for page number).


        c.      insert_data_into_table_plate_info(self, data):
                
                This function will insert the user information from parameter "data" row by row.
                
                P.S. Parameter "data" is a two-dimention list from database. 


        d.      insert_checkbox_plate_info(self, data):
                
                This function will insert the mistake-proofing checkbox into the first column of table. 

                P.S. Parameter "data" is a two-dimention list from database.


        e.      show_add_new_plate_window(self):
                
                This function will display a popup windows with text edit box, user can either typing the 
                plate id and press "OK" button (or press return key on keyboard), or scan the barcode on plate
                with barcode scanner. 
                
                Both actions above will add the plate with given id into the database, with default 
                values: 
                
                        (Available_for_assign == TRUE, Last_Assign_Time == NONE, Last_Deassign_Time == NONE)
                
                This function performed a recursion, until user press "Cancel" button, or press "OK" button 
                without input. 


        f.      show_delete_plate_confirm(self):
                
                This function will display a popup windows with confirm message, Pressing OK button will 
                call the remove_plate() function below, while pressing Cancel will cancel the action.  


        i.      remove_plate(self):
                
                This function will only be called when user confirm the deletion in delete_confirm window, 
                then will delete plates from database (only when the mistake-proofing at its row are checked).


        g.      show_assign_plate_to_user_window(self):
                
                This function will display a popup windows with text edit box, which user can type the userid 
                in.
                
                After the "OK" button is pressed, the plates that its row's mistake-proofing checkbox is 
                checked, and "Available_for_assign" of that plate is "TRUE", will be assigned to the user. 
                Then update user's plate number in database.
                
                If the userid doesn't exist, then the action will fail and display the error message.


        h.      show_deassign_plate_to_user_window(self):
                
                This function will display a popup windows with confirm message, Pressing OK button will 
                call the deassign_plate() function below, while pressing Cancel will cancel the action.  


        j.      deassign_plate(self):
                
                This function will only be called when user confirm the deletion in deassign plate confirm
                window, then will deassign plates from database (only when the mistake-proofing at its row 
                are checked, and "Available_for_assign" of that plate is "FALSE").


        k.      update_whole_table(self):
                
                This function will go over whole table, and update the plate number that each user have into
                database.


        l.      set_plate_info_pages_maximum(self, value):
                
                This function is a setter for global variable "plate_info_pages_maximum", it will set the
                current login_history_pages_maximum into the maximum pages number by getting the number of 
                data from database, and divide it by 20(the row amount per pages).

                P.S. Parameter "value" is a string, stand for the current searching value. For instance, while
                current_search_type is "user_id", then the value will simply be "" since there's no other 
                factor needed to search by user_id. This also applies to search by plate_id.
                
                However,  while current_search_type is "availability", then the value will be "FALSE", 
                or "TRUE", as a second factor to search data. 


        m.      set_current_search_type(self, type):
                
                This function is a setter for global variable "current_search_type."

                P.S. Parameter "type" is a string, which should only be "all", "user_id", "plate_id", 
                and "availability"


    VI. UI_Plate_info_function class:
        
        a.      encode_password(self, password):
                
                This function will encode the parameter "password" in md5, then return the encoded string.
                
                P.S. Parameter "password" is a string desired to be encoded.


        b.      get_time(self):
                
                This function returns current time.


        c.      lock_the_Column(self, display_table, lock_column):
                
                This function makes the "display_table"'s "lock_column" read only.

                P.S. Patameter "display_table" is a Qtablewidget that like to mod, while "lock_column" is an
                Integer that stands for the number of column to be locked.


        d.      has_capital_letters(self, password), has_lower_letters(self, password), 
                has_numbers(self, password), has_invalid_hcaracter(self, password):

                These function are used to check each properties that a valid password or userid should have,
                will be used in the following check_password_availability() function, and returns a boolean 
                values.

                P.S. Parameter "password" is a String to be checked if it contains all the above properties.


        e.      check_password_availability(self, password):
                
                This function will check if the password is availability by calling the "has......" function 
                above, and returns a boolean value.

                P.S. Parameter "password" is a String to be checked if it's valid.


    VII.MySQL_function class:
    
        This function class contains all the function that contains SQL statements.


        a.      connect_to_database(self):
                
                Connect to the target database, and returns a MySQLConnection (mydb).


        b.      create_table_first(self, cursor):
                
                create three table: User_Information, Login_record, and Plate_Information if not exist.

                The paramater "cursor" is a MySQLcursor, which can be defined by mydb.cursor() before calling
                the function.


        c.      check_if_user_info_is_emtpy(self):
                
                create a user with default values (userid = "ADMIN", password = "Point1", and 
                permission = "ADMIN") if there's no user exists in User_information table.


        d.      check_ID_password(self, userid, password), check_ID_is_admin(self, userid), 
                check_ID_exist(self, userid):
                
                These functions will check the properties of userid from database, including its existence, 
                whether it matches the password, and whether its an Admin.

                P.S. Parameter "userid" and "password" are both Strings, userid can be getted from text edit
                box, while password should be encoded before calling check_ID_password() function.


        e.      remove_user(self, userid):
                
                Remove the user with given userid from the database.


        f.      add_user(self, userid, password, permission, real_name, gender):
                
                Add a user with given properties into the database.

                P.S. All parameters are strings, yet should follow the given format. And plate amount will be
                setted to 0 by default.


        g.      add_login_record(self, userid, login_state, type):
                
                Add a record into the database with given userid, state, and specific type.

                P.S. All parameters are strings, yet should follow the given format.


        h.      get_data_from_user_info(self, type, value, pages), 
                get_data_from_login_history(self, type, value, pages),
                get_data_from_plate_info(self, type, value, pages):
                
                These function will get 20 rows of datas from database at the given "pages" that satisfy 
                given "type" and "value".
                
                Then fetch the data into two-dimension list type, and return the list.  


        j.      update_data_to_user_info(self, userid, password, permission, real_name, gender):
                
                Update the user information in database that matches "userid" with given "password", 
                "permission", "real_name" and "gender".


        k.      add_new_plate(self, plateid):

                Add a plate with given "plateid", and default value of:

                        Last_Assigned_User_ID = "NONE"
                        Available_for_assign = "TRUE"
                        Last_Assign_Time = "NONE"
                        Last_Deassign_Time = "NONE"

                into database.
        

        l.      assign_plate_to_user(self, plateid, userid, availability, last_assign_time):

                Assign the plate that plateid = "plateid" to user that userid = "userid", set the 
                availability to "FALSE", and update the "last_assign_time" with get_time() function in 
                the database.


        m.      deassign_plate_to_user(self, plateid, availability, last_deassign_time):

                Deassign the plate that plateid = "plateid" from current user, set the availability to "TRUE", 
                and update the "last_deassign_time" with get_time() function in the database.


        n.      remove_plate(self, plateid):

                Drop the plate that plateid = "plateid" from the database.


        o.      update_plate_user_have(self, userid):

                Update the number of plate that user's id = "userid" by checking the database. 


        p.      get_row_number_from_database_user_info(self, type, value), 
                get_row_number_from_database_login_history(self, type, value),
                get_row_number_from_database_plate_info(self, type, value):

                Get the number of row that each table has, fetch it to an Integer then returns.

